hey guys and gals casey nelson here
today i'm showing you the very brand new
jinx and her mafia skin as you can tell
she has that 1920s kind of cocktail
masquerade ball luck going on and she
has a little feather hat thing so I'm
gonna go through all her emotes and what
her moves look like here and here's her
joke no machine
hey fish fella should we blow something
up continues fuel inverter feelings
you're the worst weapon ever fish bones
you know we have to do do the laundry
wash dishes and percival's is your dance
there's a couple taunts as well I'm
bringing gun never say I'm stuck she has
an old-school chain gun coming out of
the guitar case there then they Joe
everything in her laughs all right and
that's all she does for her laugh so
here's her moves for switcheroo just
brings out the new weapon some kind of
get an idea what that looks like her w
she basically shoots a corkscrew at the
enemy champion her flame chompers which
is equivalent to basically three katelyn
traps the last 45 seconds and if you
stand on them a snare that's what that
looks like and her ultimate it looks
like one big giant corkscrew and it goes
all the way across the map like an arrow
so here we go
so again here's her cork screw w and
then her flame chompers and here's what
looks like when you shoot
I'll shoot her w and it bounces off and
like give them all dizzy so switch back
and of course can't forget the recall
she's got the bottle champagne fizzing
up here
and that's it thanks for watching guys I
put more ADC guides and skins in a view
of my first impressions on the new jinx
she looks like a lot of fun thanks peace
you